Document jakarta packages for Spring 6 and Spring Boot 3 (#6048)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-primer/java.spring-boot.mdx

<Note>

> There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring Boot. If you are using Spring Boot 2, please use `sentry-spring-boot-starter` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter)). If you are using Spring Boot 3, please use `sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta)).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring Boot. If you're using Spring Boot 2, use `sentry-spring-boot-starter` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter)). If you're using Spring Boot 3, use `sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta)).

```
